Now, let's go ahead and create our search for you model.
Let's go to our search here on RN.
I'm going to create a new custom class and call this books.
Search for you model such.
And let's not forget to attach the ad belt view mall model, and then we are going to inject in the
constructor here.
We're going to inject the repository so private about repository book repository as such.
And let's not forget that this is indeed a few models.
I'm going to say the model like this first thing I'm going to do.
Let's create a list.
Actually, if our list is going to expect a list of item objects, write the books or the book object
that contains or the object that contains a lot of information about a book.
And let's import our model item there.
Let's say by mutable state of like this.
No need to pass anything, I'm just going to say a list of OK.
Let's go ahead and do some importing.
Let's see.
Mutable state, not set state like this,
OK, we need to do some import.
Our list, which is going to contain the list of books once we get there.
OK, so I'm going to create a net block here, which we're going to call load books.
So, so we have some initial books and let's go ahead and create that real quick load.
Books is going to call search books, and we're going to pass a query.
Here is, say, Android, and we have a great search book with their creator right now.
There we go.
So let's call this query.
All right.
So what are we going to do here?
Well, we are going to invoke the law response because we've injected our repository so have access
to all of our military functions.
That means here we will have to save you moral scope.
OK.
And they say, launch this case here and I can pass dispatchers.
To say that I want to stay for this matter, which means just give me enough highway lanes for say that
I may need to run these processes.
OK, so first I'm going to actually check to see if query is empty.
If that's the case, all I'm going to do, we say return nothing, so say return at lunch like this,
so nothing will happen, OK, because we don't want to search anything if Quarry is empty.
This is where I'm going to say, try and let's find the last, the catch going to have an exception
here.
It's going to be an exception type.
And we'll deal with that because I know that the resource wrapper class has a lot of information about
what's going on.
So what I can say here can put inside of when expression.
I can say foul response is equal to a repository.
Write our book repository, I'm going to go get books and pass these search query pass query, that's
that.
And then in this case here, what is that I want to do while I'm going to go say is I'm going to look
at a resource, right?
This will have to look out resource tea that we created there, right?
If it's success.
Right then we're going to run this code because, you know, everything is successful, that means we
have gotten response.
We've gotten something right.
We saw that success.
We have some data.
If that's the case, then well, I'm going to say list our list here.
There, I said it to our response, which is a source wrapping a list of item data to get the data.
And I'm going to since this going to be knowable, I'm going to wrap it like this next unless it is
again, because Ben Brafman said of when expression here, if we source that error right, that is triggered,
then what is going to happen?
For now, let's log is that localized, daring books like that?
It's a network.
OK, I'm going to say else in the case, I'm just going to not add anything right in this case is exhaustive
at this point.
So if anything else, then we are OK.
All right.
For our exception here, I'm going to say log.
To say that I'm going to pass a message that says can just pass that E!
Exception gave the message to strange like this network as well tech.
OK, so we having some issues here because we pass Android here.
So that's why people have over is going to say that value is always the same android.
It's OK.
This is just for us to have something loaded first.
So we're not going to make this private because we want to be able to access it at this point.
So this is OK.
So now that we have a book search of your model, that means then we can go and look at the real book
search screen again and see if we can actually use the view model and get data.
And that's what we're going to be doing in the next video.